Greetings!                                                2 December 2004

Thank you for your interest in my code.  I hope you are able to compile it,
run it, and generate interesting results from it.  Unfortunately, my ability
to help in this regard is somewhat limited due to other demands on my time.

The files you have just downloaded can be compiled into four separate
executables:

(1) the edge and corner detector described in my CVPR99, ICCV99, and PAMI
    (November 2001) articles.  The actual code is in compass.c.  The file
    compassmex.c contains a wrapper that works with MATLAB 6 and 7.

(2) a grey scale version of the above operator for intensity images, 
    described only in my dissertation.  The actual code is in greycompass.c,
    with a MATLAB wrapper called greycompassmex.c.

(3) the grey scale version also has a wrapper greycompassunix.c that allows
    it to be run from the command line.

(4) the clustering code for Orchard and Bouman's binary split algorithm is
    found in bs.c, with a MATLAB wrapper bsmex.c.

In addition, RGBLab.c converts color values between RGB and CIE-Lab.  It is
useful in its own right.  Also, the Earth Mover's Distance code is in emd.c.
It is also very useful.  Refer to the papers and Stanford web pages of my
former colleague Yossi Rubner for more information.

There are also some .m files included for MATLAB users.  compassmex.m 
contains a help file, while PCorners.m contains the code for converting the 
output of the corner detector into a set of corners following the 
algorithms listed in the papers.  PCorners calls other helper routines
that have been included: maximize.m, gimage.m, and NMS.m.

If you do decide to go ahead with my code, please send me e-mail.  Even if
you're not happy with it, I'd still like to know.  If you do write a wrapper 
for some other shell or software and would like to donate it, I would be 
happy to add it to this set of files.

Files added so far include:

* RuzonCompassPython.tar.gz: a Python wrapper for the compass operator,
  donated by Edward C. Jones, 16 April 2002

Thanks also to Thomas Hurtut for pointing out deficiencies in the
original distribution of the MATLAB code.

Finally, whatever you learn from using my code is always interesting to
me.  Feel free to drop me a line telling me what difference it has made
to you.

Sincerely,
Mark Ruzon
ruzon@cs.stanford.edu

